viewer: optional user-defined markdown splash screen (#304)
ldgallery/ldgallery: viewer/ldgallery-viewer.7.md

without the ".json" extension, as a query parameter given before the page anchor;
for example, some alternative configuration named "config_2.json" can be loaded with "http://gallery/?config_2#".

> splashScreen
> : Displays an information message before opening the gallery (see below).
> 
> 
> # SPLASH SCREEN CONFIGURATION
> 
> resource
> : Absolute or relative path to the MarkDown information message
> 
> dontshowagainUID
> : Optional unique ID; when set, the information message will appear only the first
>   time it is proposed to the client. To display the message again, change this UID.
>   When left empty, the message will appear every time.
> 
> buttonValidateLabel
> : Optional label for the validation button. *Defaults to "Close"*
> 
> style
> : Optional CSS attributes for the information message. String or JSON formats are
>   accepted.
> 

Reviewer: Here are a few changes for the documentation for clarity and consistency with
the conventions used everywhere else.

This also allows some simplifications in the code.

* `splashScreen.dontshoagainUID` is not needed since some timestamp or other
  version tag can already be supplied in the resource URL by appending some
  query such as `?20210703` at the end.

* `splashScreen.style` is not needed since styles can already be provided in the
  Markdown file itself. For example:

  `splashscreen.md`:

  ```md
  <style>
  #mySplashScreen { max-width: 200px; }
  </style>
  <div id="mySplashScreen">

  # Hello

  Welcome to my gallery.

  </div>
  ```

* `splashScreen.buttonValidateLabel` does not validate anything. A better name
  could be either "acknowledge", "dismiss", or "close".
  The first one is more explicit.

Note that this modified list of keys should be moved with the other ones, above
the preceeding paragraph about alternative configuration files.

Verbatim suggestion below:

```suggestion
splashScreen.resource
: Absolute or relative URL to a document to optionally display as a notice when
  entering the gallery for the first time.

  The user is prompted to explicitly acknowledge such notice before being
  allowed to browse the gallery and view its items.

  Once acknowledged, the notice is not shown again unless its resource URL has
  changed.

  Rich text formatting is possible through the use of the
  [GitHub Flavoured Markdown syntax][GFM].
  Inline HTML and CSS are also supported.

  [GFM]: https://github.github.com/gfm/

splashScreen.acknowledgeButtonLabel
: Label for the modal dismissal button shown below the notice.
  Defaults to "Close".
```

Author: > splashScreen.dontshoagainUID is not needed since some timestamp

The compiler has no control over the configuration, this can't be supplied.
Also, the user may not want to reset the SplashScreen for small updates.

> splashScreen.style is not needed since styles can already be provided in the Markdown file itself.

I am not certain about this. The style is applied to the parent DIV, Markdown has no control over it.
I prefer to leave this functionality in for now.

> splashScreen.buttonValidateLabel does not validate anything.

I'll rename it to "acknowledge"

I used your suggestions to rework the documentation.

Reviewer: > > splashScreen.dontshoagainUID is not needed since some timestamp
> 
> The compiler has no control over the configuration, this can't be supplied.

The user can manually append the arbitrary value in the URL as a query parameter.
(This has nothing to do with the automatic time-stamping and is independent from the compiler).

To clarify, in my understanding,

```json
{
  "resource": "splashscreen.md",
  "dontshowagainUID": "tos-v1"
}
```

seems functionally equivalent to:

```json
{
  "resource": "splashscreen.md?tos-v1"
}
```

Could you confirm that both have the same effects?
If so, the extra key seems superfluous.

> Also, the user may not want to reset the SplashScreen for small updates.

They can keep the same file name and not update the query parameter for small updates.

> > splashScreen.style is not needed since styles can already be provided in the Markdown file itself.
> 
> I am not certain about this. The style is applied to the parent DIV, Markdown has no control over it.
> I prefer to leave this functionality in for now.

In which case should the user be able to apply styling rules to the outer div element?
What cases aren't covered with simply applying style to the inner element from within the markdown file?

Author: > Could you confirm that both have the same effects?

I could store the whole URL to the localStorage instead, but we will still need a key to ask if we want to remember when the user has acknowledged the notice. I know some users want the message to appear every time. This is not possible with this simplification.

Also, I don't like the idea to add a cache invalidation manually; if the user forgets to add it, the viewers may get an older notice; this can be dangerous and confusing.

> They can keep the same file name and not update the query parameter for small updates.

I'm not for arbitrary behavior change based on the structure of the URL.
I'm open to suggestions, but that one doesn't seem like a good idea to me.

> In which case should the user be able to apply styling rules to the outer div element?

I do it on my gallery to change how the button appears. The button isn't inside the Markdown.

Author: After phone call, we decide to leave it as-is for now, and just rename `dontshowagainUID` to `acknowledgementKey` and detail how arbitrary this key is in the documentation.

> # CONFIGURATION EXAMPLE
> 
> ```

Reviewer: The example needs to be updated accordingly to the other suggestions.
Beside that,

```suggestion
# CONFIGURATION EXAMPLE

Viewer __config.json__:

```json
```

without the ".json" extension, as a query parameter given before the page anchor;
for example, some alternative configuration named "config_2.json" can be loaded with "http://gallery/?config_2#".

splashScreen

> : Displays an information notice before opening the gallery (see below).

Reviewer: This entry should be placed above the paragraph immediately preceeding it, to be with the other keys.

Author: This is the case, no?

# SPLASH SCREEN CONFIGURATION

splashScreen.resource
: Absolute or relative path to the information notice. The user is prompted to explicitly acknowledge such notice before being allowed to browse the gallery.
  Rich text formatting is possible through the use of the [GitHub Flavoured Markdown syntax][GFM].
  Inline HTML and CSS are also supported.

splashScreen.dontshowagainUID
: Optional unique ID; when set, the information notice will appear only the first time it is proposed to the user. To display the notice again, change this UID.
  When left empty, the notice will appear every time.

splashScreen.buttonAcknowledgeLabel
: Optional label for the acknowledge button shown below the notice.
  *Defaults to "Acknowledge"*

splashScreen.style
: Optional CSS attributes for the information notice's container.
  String or JSON formats are supported.

>   [GFM]: https://github.github.com/gfm/

Reviewer: This should be placed within the definition which uses the link reference, otherwise the link isn't properly rendered with some markdown processors.

Author: Okay, since you seem to know how to do it, can you do it?
